coding_style: Document each's evilness (#280)
quattor/quattor.github.com: _development/coding_style.md

 my $circle_area = $radio * 3.14159 * 3.141592;
```

### Don't use each

> `each` is evil, and although it can be used correctly, should be avoided at all costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`each` is evil, and although it can be used correctly, should be avoided. The problem is that each sort-of remembers the last element it iterated over, this has all sorts of nasty side effects.
```

Author: Merge the two paragraphs into one?

Reviewer: Yes, but also remove "at all costs". It's unnecessarily prescriptive and probably not true. Given a significant performance cost of using foreach, or code where `each` semantics resulted in significantly easier to maintain code, it would be OK to use it, whereas "avoid at all costs" means we'll pay any price to avoid it.
